hey guys welcome to my channel I am
vlogging from Munich Germany today I
just had my German class and asked my
teacher to teach me phrases that Germans
would use in their everyday life instead
of learning like textbook phrases I want
to learn real German and he taught me
some phrases that I'm gonna share with
you in this video so if you're
interested continue watching
[Music]
okay we're going to study German spy -
talk - shoulder
[Music]
okay when somebody burps at the table
term instead this should smile
[Music]
in wasn't Magma's oh yeah about in
deutschland method the body
I'll buy that you okay I was once
crossing the street in front of the tram
in Dresden and the guy who is really
you're crazy
yeah this is how I learned it this is
how long this gesture was any language
there's the simple rules that he just
have to relax the last time I spoke
German was back in 2010 eight years ago
when I said it in Dresden and I haven't
really used German for work or for
studying for eight years and the thing
is when I started to think oh how do I
translate this from English how do I
translate this from Russian my German
just stops but when I was in the class
today I realized that I only wanted to
speak German with my teacher and I need
a relax and when I relaxed and stop
translating everything in my head
somehow the term and just started
flowing so it's it's all there in our
head what we need to do is just relax
and let it flow so happy with my German
now
[Music]
I'm gonna start with a very common
phrase I say assist okay all the time
but a real German would say past Shawn
that's it
buster own instead of saying assist okay
there are several ways to say goodbye in
German when you're saying true surah
al-fatah saying this is pretty common
but when you're talking to France you
can say this done or fish better which
means I'll see you soon
and when you are doing your shopping I'm
careful you will always hear unshunned
tag no this is that the salesperson
would tell you that in order first to
say goodbye second to be polite and
third to wish a good day and soon tag no
and this is another way to say goodbye
in German
we are we are at a farmers market today
with a lot of people and when you come
to a shop and the salesperson wants to
talk to you they would say yeah Patel
this is a very simple way to ask whether
somebody wants something yep it
when you want to be really really really
really polite and instead of asking of
us not which means what else the super
polite way of saying that is I'm gonna
read it because it's a really on phrase
bust office those knocks I'm not really
my stuff is no sunset this is a very
polite way to ask what else
[Music]
if you are ordering coffee for example
you would be asked me heaven zi Indiana
which means which way would you like it
either hot or cold
something I want you to notice here is
this word den the Germans use in a lot
of times as my teacher explained to me
said that Dan doesn't really have any
meaning but if you add it to a sentence
it sounds a lot more polite so you can
add it anywhere
[Music]
this part of Germany is a little weird
with the accent because German has so
many accents something I'm hearing here
is that for example in standard German
you will say pasty with hot in the end
here they say it took a little different
I'm not sure if I'm just hearing
tourists here but this is the impression
after 24 hours Minich
[Music]
the next race Sylvie's on one of my
favorite phrases I've learned to during
my first year of studying German and
it's translated as anyway
[Music]
another phrase maybe it exists in other
languages but I cannot really translate
it into English it's called doc which is
yes and no for example Pavano Natan
Deutschland door we have an endorsement
in 5000 else what did I say right now
somebody tell us we haven't been in
Germany yet and somebody else Rafi says
no why don't you remember we've been to
Germany so it's like yes and no
unexplainable but this is a German word
when you're saying something in an
imperative way for example come come or
mocked us do this in order to make it
sound more polite you can add my Kemal
Marcus man and when you add this month
this makes the phrase more polite and
you son friendlier
[Music]
one of the phrases that is a german
slang phrase that you wouldn't use any
formal essay is i'm [ __ ] blood when
something is really really wrong really
really bad they say i'm poppin up but
this is a slang word don't use it in a
formal letter
[Music]
next thing that I'm noticing all over
Germany what they do like in English we
have this phrase it's the beautiful
weather outside isn't it so this isn't
it in German they say new das veda is
their shortener so in Milton they would
say knit when I was studying and dressed
and they would say it in a little
different way they would say no so it
depends on where you are in Germany but
this is really Cormac almond and again
this is something you would use in a
spoken language
another thing that my teacher explained
to me today is the phrase called
pregnant Li Shan
I've heard it before he said this is
give me empty critique for example the
person tells you but you told me that
blah blah blah
du hast kassak does blah blah and you no
longer have this opinion and you can say
hiding Big Sean Alba so you're like yes
I have said that but something changed
I can't lick Sean I'm gonna use the
month think that I'm talked about that
I've talked about which is a polite
thing to do dafif my lash back for bein
[Music]
mmm really good
they didn't let me a film inside but
asparagus we love it it's like bomb hem
and you've heard me asking you've heard
me editing mouth which is really polite
let's go and learn some more phrases
[Music]
my teacher taught me some bad words
today because I think it's really
important to know them so you understand
what's going on what are people talking
about we're number one ticket
it's a [ __ ] in German and you can also
make an adjective out of this work not
sure I can pronounce these words and not
get demonetised whatever
[Music]
you can make an adjective out of this
word and you're gonna get tikki which is
[ __ ]
6:00 p.m. another word it's not like
swearing it's not a bad word it's just
when you wanted to scrap a girl who's
really girly wearing all think you know
blonde in German it's to see
[Music]
this is real German bad I think you can
only learn from native speakers and you
want to learn German in Germany my
schools called BW s German lingua of
studied in Berlin I've started in Munich
and the link to book the school be below
lingua trip.com is the best way to book
a language experience abroad
[Music]
when you want to emphasize that
something is totally boring
totally great totally awesome in German
yes you can say total total good total
by show it but you can also say Paul
full good fall and Bailey this is
another word that strengthens your
adjectives
if you're talking about searching on
internet yes you can say Zoo hon in
Internet but in term and there is
special word that's little French little
tough for me to pronounce Michelle she
too many oz position is a german word
that they used for internet so in
internet associate
[Music]
another phrase for example to mention
that you're walking with your friend and
you're walking to cafe and it looks like
it's closed so in English we say it
looks like it's closed in German we can
say is the sz2
Egan b2 house SZ Egan V two outs
it looks like it's closed
another word the Germans love to add
everywhere the word is eigen deshaun
English good and they also added in
sentences voice teasers tie-dye Ganesha
you can translate it into English s by
the way but really you don't really need
to translate it because it doesn't
really alter the meaning of the phrase I
some things that I found out today and
this is very typical for the province
that we're in we're in Bayan
and this is south of Germany I've never
heard some like this in Berlin or
Dresden for example salvos this is the
way you can greet and say goodbye and by
Anne in Manhattan and also in Austria
sterreich in in German there was high
choose say meaning
when you want to meet somebody for a
coffee you can say seashell I'm cafe -
which means there you're meeting
somebody for coffee and the last phrase
that I wanted to share with you is mist
you can save scheisse
or just [ __ ] I'm too shy sir I'll get
off the crapper if you translate mist
verbatim you're gonna get all I got tons
of [ __ ] or pile of [ __ ] yes you can say
scheisse but when something's really bad
you say mist
[Music]
alright guys this was it I wish you all
to come to Germany at least once in your
life to practice your german in order to
come to a school worm studying for two
weeks you only need a thousand dollars
and that includes the course and
accommodation so use this awesome
opportunity to travel and practice your
language with native speakers and people
from all over the world so if you
enjoyed this content please like this
video if you not yet subscribe to this
channel there's a red button below hit
it now and I'll see you in the next box
bye